I AM SORRY TO SAY THAT. REMEMBER MUELLER’S TEAM MAKE
REMEMBER MUELLER’S TEAM MAKE CLEAR WHAT THEY WANTED AND WE’LL
CLEAR WHAT THEY WANTED AND WE’LL SEE WHAT THEY GET FROM JUDGE
SEE WHAT THEY GET FROM JUDGE JACKSON.
JACKSON. >> JEREMY BASH, I HAVE TO
>> JEREMY BASH, I HAVE TO INTRODUCE SOME EVIDENCE ON THIS
INTRODUCE SOME EVIDENCE ON THIS CONVERSATION ON AN ENTIRELY
CONVERSATION ON AN ENTIRELY DIFFERENT TOPIC AND AN
DIFFERENT TOPIC AND AN UNPLEASANT ONE.
UNPLEASANT ONE. IT IS NOT JUST BECAUSE I KNOW
IT IS NOT JUST BECAUSE I KNOW YOU GREW UP A SON OF A RABI THAT
YOU GREW UP A SON OF A RABI THAT I AM GOING TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE
I AM GOING TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE PRESIDENT’S COMMENT HERE
PRESIDENT’S COMMENT HERE IMMEDIATELY BRANDED AS BOTH
IMMEDIATELY BRANDED AS BOTH INFLAMMATORY AND WRONG.
INFLAMMATORY AND WRONG. >> THE DEMOCRATS HAVE BECOME AN
>> THE DEMOCRATS HAVE BECOME AN ANTI-ISRAEL PARTY.
ANTI-ISRAEL PARTY. >> THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY STAPDNDS
>> THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY STAPDNDS FOR INCLUSION.
FOR INCLUSION. THE PRESIDENT IS TRYING TO FLAME
THE PRESIDENT IS TRYING TO FLAME THE ISSUE.
THE ISSUE. THERE IS AN UNDER LYING TRUTH
THERE IS AN UNDER LYING TRUTH THAT NEEDS TO BE ADDRESSED.
THAT NEEDS TO BE ADDRESSED. CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR’S STATEMENT
CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR’S STATEMENT WERE NOT ABOUT CRITICIZING
WERE NOT ABOUT CRITICIZING ANOTHER COUNTRY’S POLICIES.
ANOTHER COUNTRY’S POLICIES. SHE WAS NOT CRITICIZING ISRAELI
SHE WAS NOT CRITICIZING ISRAELI POLICIES.
POLICIES. SHE WAS SAYING AMERICAN JEWS
SHE WAS SAYING AMERICAN JEWS HAVE A DUAL LOYALTY.
HAVE A DUAL LOYALTY. THAT WAS ANTI-SEGMENTISM.
THAT WAS ANTI-SEGMENTISM. >> GOING BACK TO THE PHRASE OF
>> GOING BACK TO THE PHRASE OF THE PROTEST OF THE ’60s.
THE PROTEST OF THE ’60s. THE WHOLE WORLD IS WATCHING.
THE WHOLE WORLD IS WATCHING. WHAT AN ISRAELI AUDIENCE IS
WHAT AN ISRAELI AUDIENCE IS SUPPOSED TO TAKE ON A COMMENT
SUPPOSED TO TAKE ON A COMMENT LIKE THAT?
LIKE THAT? >> THE ISSUE OF ISRAEL HAS BEEN
>> THE ISSUE OF ISRAEL HAS BEEN IN FLAMED AS A PARTISAN ISSUE.
IN FLAMED AS A PARTISAN ISSUE. WE HAD DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENTS WHO
WE HAD DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENTS WHO UNDER THIS STRATEGIC
UNDER THIS STRATEGIC RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN THE UNITED
RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND ISRAEL.
STATES AND ISRAEL. THE PRESIDENT WOULD SERVE OUR
THE PRESIDENT WOULD SERVE OUR COUNTRY WELL AND OUR ALLIANCE